CHALLENGES IN BLOCKCHAIN
There is no doubt that Blockchain is a promising emerging
technology, yet it faces some challenges. These challenges
sometimes limit the usage of blockchain. There are many
problems, such as consensus processes, data management,
storage, chain systems, legislation, governance, etc. [20].
Some of the main challenges are:
1) SCALABILITY
There are several transactions increasing day by day in the
blockchain, making more data to be stored. All the nodes
have to store all the transactions for validation. Because of the
block size restriction and the time taken to create a new block,
blockchain can only process seven transactions per second.
The blocks’ actual capacity is deﬁcient, and many small
transactions could be delayed as miners prefer transactions
with a higher transaction fee. The problem of scalability is,
therefore, high [9].
2) PRIVACY LEAKAGE
In the blockchain, users’ transactions are considered safe as
they are made with created addresses instead of real identities.
In the event of data leakage, users may produce multiple
addresses. However, the blockchain cannot guarantee trans-
actional privacy since the value of transactions is publicly
visible for each public key. The anonymity of the payment
must be strengthened in the blockchain [29]
3) REGULATIONS AND LAWS
The introduction of blockchain has brought many societal
changes, including in legal and law systems. Blockchain
triggered a series of legal issues by lagging legal supervision
in the early stages of development. Proper laws and regu-
lations can only be strengthened after a quick understand-
ing of the blockchain characteristics. Through strengthening
regulatory measures, most countries started to implement
blockchain [69].
4) GOVERNANCE
Blockchain has vast implementation possibilities in terms of
government and infrastructure and can be expected to trans-
form government functions and roles. It also helps make less
complex government organizational structures, the security
of government data, and transparency of governance and ser-
vice processes. Since the blockchain is a distributed network
without a third party’s need, it provides broader possibilities
TABLE 8. String Searching in Various Digital Libraries Along With Tracking
Result.
for policy advancement as it is a critical issue that needs
immediate resolution [14].
IV. INTEGRATION OF CLOUD AND BLOCKCHAIN
A. BLOCKCHAIN SUPPORT FOR CLOUD COMPUTING
Blockchain integration with cloud computing brings us
into the next era of data security and service availability.
Blockchain overcomes most of the research issues of the
cloud with its characteristics.
1) INTEROPERABILITY
In public clouds, internal communication is not allowed, and
it makes many industries back off from using the cloud.
When cloud integrated with blockchain, consider the different
clouds as nodes. Inter-node communication is possible in the
blockchain. All the nodes present in the same network share
the data among themselves so that every node contains a copy
of transactions. It brings us transparency into the network.
They update every next transaction into the ledger, which
publishes to all other nodes. In this way, companies can add
any number of networks and can preserve the accessibility of
the data, which brings authenticity into the network
2) DATA ENCRYPTION
We all know the data is decrypted before storing it in the
cloud, which questions the data integrity. In the blockchain
network, all the block data is turned into a hash code using
cryptographic algorithms, and it generates a hash key for
each block. Let us consider a scenario in which blockchain
is used to preserve task scheduling in the cloud. To ensure
timeliness and permanent data integrity, the control system
that collects data from the task scheduling produces hash
code and records it in the blockchain network immediately.
Because the blockchain has the facility for block discovery
consensus mechanisms, block data integrity is maintained.
Each node in the network contains a copy of each transaction
that provides us with the availability and persistence that
helps the network withstand potential fault points and attacks.
While cloud-collected data is reliable, the blockchain nodes
maximize data availability and data validity by projecting it
as an on-demand service with no downtime.
3) SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENTS
These agreements in the cloud are favorable to the service
provider or customer without equal justice. To solve this
issue, we can make use of blockchain smart contracts. A smart
VOLUME 8, 2020 205201
CH. V. N. U. B. Murthy et al.: Blockchain Based Cloud Computing: Architecture and Research Challenges
TABLE 9. Track of Article Types in Various Libraries on Selected String.
contract in blockchain helps to build trust between the par-
ties who do not know each other. In a blockchain, Smart
Contracts are deﬁned as a program written in programmable
languages that run in a container. The smart contract allows
self-execution when a speciﬁc condition is met on all nodes
present in the blockchain network. It also helps the parties
predict the outcomes as the contract execution depends on the
code available on a public network, and they are veriﬁable as
they are already signed.
4) CLOUD DATA MANAGEMENT
The data stored in the cloud is in a very unstructured manner.
The data stored in the blockchain is a very structured manner.
The data can be traced using the hash key generated for every
block. Each block contains the previous block’s hash key, and
it’s key to keep track of the network. The data in the block
is validated and can be accessed by the nodes present in the
network.
Cloud supports elasticity and can handle the ﬂuctuations
in computational loads when required. Using a Distributed
ledger, this can be easily handled by managing a large number
of events that cause a variety of smart contracts, ensuring
service quality. Blockchain also ensures the user’s anonymity,
and the user’s record can be safely removed from the system
to prevent third party access to the user’s information. The
integration of the cloud with blockchain will also ensure that
many businesses have conﬁdence, and it would become an
on-demand service.
B. ANALYTICAL SU RVEY ON BLOCKCHAIN CLOUD
Based on Blockchain’s supporting cloud computing, we can
ﬁnd different articles. To the best of our knowledge, we have
conducted a literature survey for the ﬁrst time on Blockchain-
Cloud. Table 8 shows the track of articles available in
different digital libraries along with our search string.
Table 9 shows the track of different article types published
in various libraries on selected literature. Below these tables,
we have provided a bar graph depicting a year-wise analysis
of the numbers of articles that have been published in differ-
ent digital libraries. From all these analyses, we can conclude
that there is exquisite research for merging blockchain with
cloud computing.
In ﬁgure 3, we provided you with a graph depicting the
year-wise analysis of articles published in digital libraries.
Blockchain provides many essential beneﬁts to cloud com-
puting like data transparency, Authorization, and also pro-
vide cost-effective solutions. Some of the main beneﬁts
FIGURE 3. Year-wise analysis of articles being published in digital
libraries.
FIGURE 4. Benefits that Blockchain providing to cloud.
that Blockchain is providing cloud services are depicted
in Figure 4. As we already know that blockchain can be
deployed in public, private, and community modes and pro-
vide decentralization, we have provided a comparative study
on blockchain and cloud services based on different security
requirements. One of the signiﬁcant gaps in cloud services
is Data Security. By this analysis, we could conclude that
the data in the cloud would be more secure by adopting the
Blockchain platform. In table 10, we provided this compar-
ative analysis of Blockchain and Cloud-based on different
security requirements.
Many Blockchain-Cloud applications can be applied in our
daily activities, making our data more safe and secure. Vari-
ous industries can use the services of Blockchain-Cloud. This
integration can provide us with more storage ﬂexibility, and
at the same time, it keeps the validated data. Authorization
to the network will be monitored, and also it increases the
network resilience. In ﬁgure 5, we provided a mind map with
different types of Blockchain Cloud Applications.
In ﬁgure 6, we depicted the ﬂow of blockchain with cloud
data as follows. Whenever there is a necessity to improve
cloud data security, we can add blockchain services. The
data that needs to be stored in the blockchain is divided
into small chunks and then encrypted using hashing algo-
rithms. Before adding the data to the chain, it is veriﬁed and
205202 VOLUME 8, 2020
CH. V. N. U. B. Murthy et al.: Blockchain Based Cloud Computing: Architecture and Research Challenges
TABLE 10. Comparative Analysis of Blockchain and Cloud-Based on the
Requirement.
FIGURE 5. Mind map depiction of the different types of Blockchain Cloud
applications.
validated by a consensus mechanism. Based on the require-
ment, the provider can use a Permissioned or Permissionless
blockchain or public or private blockchain.
C. MODEL OF INTEGRATED ARCHITECTUR E
In ﬁgure 7, we have shown the architecture of the integration
of cloud computing with blockchain technology. The user
interacts with the server with the help of the application
layer. Suppose, when a user requests a transaction through
the application layer, the transactions’ details are stored by
creating a block for each transaction. To add the block into
the blockchain network, the blockchain network’s data would
be veriﬁed by blockchain network validating nodes. The
validation will be done based on consensus. Once the block
is considered legitimate, all other network nodes would be
connected to the network and data sent. All blockchain data
FIGURE 6. Flowchart providing process of Blockchain with cloud data.
FIGURE 7. The architecture of cloud integrated with Blockchain.
is stored in blockchain protection cloud storage. Blockchain
incorporation of the cloud provides data protection, trans-
parency and also improves services.
